# IAB207-Assessment3
Web Application Solution: Event Management System
Due: Wednesday 1st November @ 11:59:00 PM (Week 14)

# Task Description
In this assignment, you will complete the implementation of your Event Management System web application in a team of 3 or 4 students. We recommend that you use the previous Assignment 2 front-end prototypes developed by your team as inspiration for this final solution. In fact, you should feel free to use one (or a combination) of them as a start point for this assignment.

# To-Do 
1. Read the Criterion-Referenced Assessment Rubric
2. Read the assignment objectives, assignment description, late submission penalties, and background
3. Follow the step-by-step guide of the assignment.

# Project Requirements

1. A landing page that clearly conveys what kind of events the website promotes, as well as some upcoming events. Your home page must allow users to browse the events by category (you are free to support this functionality using a drop-down menu or some other intuitive way). In addition, you might include text-based search functionality. However, this is an advanced feature and is optional to those who would like to include it (although it isn’t specified in the CRA, but the more intuitive your search is, the better)
2. The events listed on the landing page should show a useful overview of the events with information in accordance with the context of the design (including the event’s status at a minimum)
3. Anybody should be able to choose an event and view the details of it. The event details page should have an image of the event, a description of the event, the date and any other specific information that is helpful to the user and is in accordance with the context of the design and requirements
4. To buy tickets, the user should be logged in. The user should provide details such as the quantity of the tickets to be booked. An order is generated by the application, and the order detail (order ID) is provided to the user for reference
5. A logged-in user can post a comment on an event. The name of the commenter, the comment, and the date the comment was posted can be seen by anybody
6. A logged-in user can create an event by entering relevant details. In addition, an event must have one of the following states: Open, Inactive (event date in the past), Sold Out, or Cancelled. The owner of the event should be able to update the details of the event (excluding the event status). They can also cancel their own events
7. A logged-in user can log out of the application
8. Anybody can register for the site by providing details of their name, email, password, contact number, and address
9. Error Handling - 404 and 50x (server errors) are handled appropriately
10. All your pages should include a navigation menu and utilise data that is dynamically drawn from and stored in the database.
